okay so I can't be the only one that
fought of every time our character sets
surprise in this episode you didn't hear
you know I surprise buttsex accurate is
it just me is it really just me because
the reason why I think I might be faking
eyes because you guys been sending me
too much perverted content recently
sending me a bunch of a chief and
service series you guys have perverted
me so anyways let's talk about this
episode of plastic memories it is kind
of delayed today like this episode was
delayed thanks to crunchyroll so it's on
there now if you're looking for the
episode is on crunchyroll and i guess if
you also if you don't have a crunchyroll
account there's a free trial in the
description if you want to sign up for
crunchyroll but anyways let's talk about
this episode of plastic memories the big
thing here okay with this episode is
just seeing the relationship between ILA
grow with our main character that's
pretty much what's going on here and
it's a very very awkward like
that this entire episode was awkward not
in a bad sense just awkward because the
romance was I'm gonna put it's like two
characters which it's kind of actually
true and what I'm about to say it's like
two people becoming a couple and this is
like the first time they've ever been in
a relationship and that's kind of what
this episode was and I mean I don't
think Isle has ever been a relationship
and a hideout you know our main
character their relationship so it's
very obvious that they're acting like a
new type of couple that's never
experienced a girlfriend boyfriend and
so this episode awkward as like a
straight-up awkward because the overall
beginning scenes do the middle segments
of this episode I mean there's just so
many different awkward situations where
I was like face falling like oh my god
so awkward he's so damn awkward
like I mean seriously the beginning part
when I love just has like a t-shirt on
she walks up or you know his or her
boyfriend and all of a sudden she
realizes she doesn't have like any pants
on oh oh and then runs
off like just awkward so damn awkward
but that's really the biggest way or the
best way to describe this episode
our plastic memories now episode though
besides at what do you really have here
let's see episode for the most part it's
kind of just slice a lot like it's a
slice of life episode and I mean that's
what plastic memories is but the episode
like I said it was just mainly there to
show these awkward interactions between
the characters and I mean you got some
romance advice for up this entire
episode with surprise surprise surprise
sorry but you have the advice going on
throughout this entire episode Oh
plastic memories and I was just you know
thinking like obviously this episode is
progressing the romance in a good way I
like the way the romance I actually took
the time to actually regress in this
episode so we got some very good solid
romance progression I'm looking forward
to that kiss scene though like we need a
kissy I won't have bet I'm willing to
bet that we're probably gonna get a kiss
scene right before I Allah dies like
right before she dies most likely we're
gonna get a kiss scene I sense something
like to happen like he's gonna give her
a goodbye kiss when she's gonna just be
done I'm sensing something like that a
couple of Chi bits have said in the
comments that's they don't really think
that Iowa is gonna be saved they don't
think she's gonna be saved
and if that's true we're gonna have a
tragic ending I've been saying it for a
while now but IIIi I'm still on the
fence I I don't know it can go either
direction they can go the cliche way of
you know having her survive somehow or
they can go the very dark way to where
she does die which I would actually
prefer that I would be sad as Bogg
tougher than I would so we'll have to
see how that goes overall episode when
it comes to animation quality pretty
good
my wife Barry Moe awkward as and
that's about it
I mean episode there's not much really
to talk about when it comes to it
because it's just seen them
Paul can be awful I'm trying to have a
surprise with each other so anyways you
all have a wonderful date or not
wherever you live please be safe she be
out